"Insufficient facts always invite danger."
"Practical, Captain? Perhaps. But not desirable. Computers make excellent and efficient servants; but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man, and nothing can replace it, or him."
"The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."
Not precisely, Doctor. On Vulcan the "teddy bears" are alive, and they have 6-inch fangs.
"Captain, you almost make me believe in luck."
"Live long and prosper."
"It is curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want." 
"Every life comes to an end when time demands it. Loss of life is to be mourned but only if the life was wasted. I-Chaya's was not."
"I am what I am, Leila. And if there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them. Mine can be no worse than someone else's."
"Beauty is transitory, Doctor; however, she was evidently highly intelligent." 
"I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life." 
"You Earth people glorify organized violence for 40 centuries, but you imprison those who employ it privately."
"Vulcans never bluff." 
"It is the lot of 'man' to strive no matter how content he is."
"Mother, how can you have lived on Vulcan so long, married a Vulcan, raised a son on Vulcan, without understanding what it means to be a Vulcan?"
"Virtue is a relative term."
"Violence in reality is quite different from theory, is it not, madam?"
"Evil does seem to maintain power by suppressing the truth."
"One can begin to reshape the landscape with a single flower, Captain."
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
"I have been  and always shall be  your friend."
"I've noticed that about your people, Doctor. You find it easier to understand the death of one than the death of a million. You speak about the objective hardness of the Vulcan heart, yet how little room there seems to be in yours."
"Humans smile with so little provocation." 
"Stonn, she is yours. After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true."
"May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with Humans? I find their illogic and foolish emotions a constant irritant."
"I see no logic in wanting to worship a deity who demands you live in perpetual fear."
"I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done."
"Physical reality is consistent with universal laws. Where the laws do not operate, there is no reality. All of this is unreal."
"I object to you. I object to intellect without discipline. I object to power without constructive purpose."
"Change is the essential process of all existence. For instance, the people of Cheron must have once been mono-colored."
"Mr. Spock: My congratulations, Captain - a dazzling display of logic. /Captain Kirk: You didn't think I had it in me, did you, Spock? / Mr. Spock: [deadpan] No, sir."
"I fail to comprehend your indignation, sir. I have simply made the logical deduction that you are a liar."
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end."
"An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth."
"We disposed of emotion, Doctor. Where there is no emotion, there is no motive for violence."
"It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six, Doctor."
"It would be illogical to kill without reason. In this instance, it is for science." 
"I am a Vulcan, Doctor. Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled."
"They are followers. Without followers, evil cannot spread."
"Lieutenant, I am half-Vulcanian. Vulcanians do not speculate. I speak from pure logic. If I let go of a hammer on a planet that has a positive gravity, I need not see it fall to know that it has in fact fallen."
"There is no reason that function should not be beautiful. In fact, beauty usually makes it more effective."
"Dr. McCoy: You should taste his food. Straw would taste better than his meat, and water a hundred times better than his brandy - nothing has any taste at all.
Spock: It may be unappetizing, doctor, but it is logical.
McCoy: Ah, there's that magic word again. Does your logic find this fascinating, Mr. Spock?
Spock: No, 'fascinating' is a word I use for the unexpected. In this case, I should think 'interesting' would suffice."
"To expect sense from two mentalities of such extreme viewpoints is not logical."
"Worry is a human emotion, Captain. I accept what has happened."
"On my planet, "to rest" is to rest, to cease using energy. To me, it is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass using energy instead of saving it."
"We must acknowledge once and for all that the purpose of diplomacy is to prolong a crisis."
"Dr. McCoy: Mr. Spock, you're the most cold-blooded man I've ever known. /Mr. Spock: Why, thank you, Doctor."
"Captain James T. Kirk: You'd make a splendid computer, Mr. Spock. /Mr. Spock: That is very kind of you, Captain." 
"I'll never understand the medical mind."
"I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question."
"If those peculiar signals are coming from Captain Kirk or Lieutenant Sulu, their rationality is in question."
"The precise meaning of the word 'desert' is a waterless, barren wasteland. I fail to understand your romantic nostalgia for such a place.
