"Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering." 
"Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Consume you, it will." - Yoda
"Always pass on what you have learned." 
"Patience you must have my young Padawan." 
"In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way." 
"Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed, that is." 
"Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you." 
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." 
"Feel the force!"
"Truly wonderful the mind of a child is." 
"Do or do not. There is no try." 
"Great warrior. Wars not make one great." 
"Size matters not. Look at me."
"Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is."
"Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter."
"The dark side clouds everything. Impossible to see the light, the future is." 
"You will find only what you bring in." 
"To be Jedi is to face the truth, and choose. Give off light, or darkness, Padawan. Be a candle, or the night." 
"Control, control, you must learn control!" 
"In the end, cowards are those who follow the dark side." 
"Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future." 
"To answer power with power, the Jedi way this is not. In this war, a danger there is, of losing who we are." 
"Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view."
"Named must your fear be before banish it you can." 
"You think Yoda stops teaching, just because his student does not want to hear? A teacher Yoda is. Yoda teaches like drunkards drink, like killers kill." 
"You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace.   Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack." 
"When you look at the dark side, careful you must be. For the dark side looks back." 
"You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace."
"A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack." 
"Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind." 
"Your path you must decide." 
"If no mistake you have made, losing you are. A different game you should play." 
"Happens to every guy sometimes this does" 
"Adventure. Excitement. A Jedi craves not these things." 
"Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!" - Leia Organa
 "Never tell me the odds!" - Han Solo
  "Do. Or do not. There is no try." - Yoda
   "No. I am your father." - Darth Vader
 "I’ll never turn to the dark side. You’ve failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me." - Luke Skywalker
  "Now, young Skywalker, you will die." - Emperor Palpatine
  "There’s always a bigger fish." - Qui-Gon Jinn
   "Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you." - Yoda
  "Well, if droids could think, there’d be none of us here, would there?" - Obi-Wan Kenobi
  "So this is how liberty dies. With thunderous applause." - Padme Amidala
  "An object cannot make you good or evil. The temptation of power, forbidden knowledge, even the desire to do good can lead some down that path. But only you can change yourself." - Bendu (Season Three, Episode 1, "Steps into Shadow")
  . "I am no Jedi." - Ahsoka Tano (Season Two, Episode 21, "Twilight of the Apprentice")
   "If you define yourself by your power to take life, your desire to dominate, to possess, then you have nothing." - Obi-Wan Kenobi (Season Three, Episode 20, "Twin Suns"
   . "The garbage’ll do!" - Rey
    "I’m one with the Force. The Force is with me." - Chirrut Imwe
     "Jyn, I’ll be there for you. Cassian said I had to." - K-2SO